I
faraway land there is a village filled
with mysterious creatures who have lived
happily for hundreds of years until
today hello now they'll have to escape
anybody reading these eyes to a world
they never imagined oh my Smurf oh look
a transport device Emma watch this way
all together now ah my hip this summer
Finn you do not be fooled by their
cuteness now it's all-out engine light
of all the people in the planner those
magical little creatures came to us no
isn't happening haircrush are you doing
hi from columbia pictures and sony
pictures animation let me get this
straight you're being chased by an evil
wizard Smurf zactly stop saying Smurf
for everything Murphy nice mark Smurf
does no call for that kind of language
the chase
blend in
he's all I'm 546 I'm getting too old for
this in the first rule ooh according to
my calculations we lost the dog 3d
adventure of the year come back tific
nice mess come on smush push pop
took him no Smurf left behind you
smurfed with the wrong girl take over
those Smurfs Happy's haha none of you
find that song just the tiniest bit
annoying I find it annoying in 3d